[DOCS] 7.15.1 Release Notes (#1146)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/7.15.asciidoc

[discrete]
[[release-notes-header-7.15.0]]
== 7.15

[discrete]
[[release-notes-7.15.1]]
=== 7.15.1

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-7.15.1]]
==== Bug fixes and enhancements

> * Supports newlines in the JIRA summary field. Within JIRA, newlines are replaced with commas ({pull}113571[#113571]).

Reviewer: Should this be `new lines` instead?

```suggestion
* Supports new lines in the JIRA summary field. New lines are replaced with commas ({pull}113571[#113571]).
```

> * Resolves a bug that prevented the Endpoints table from reseting after the KQL query was removed ({pull}112595[#112595]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented the Endpoints table from resetting after the KQL query was removed ({pull}112595[#112595]).
```
